#Task2
Task 2: There are many environmental problems, such as the greenhouse effect and climate change, and people have hardly found any solutions. Why is this case? And what measures can be taken?

## Introduction
Although many environmental issues, such as the greenhouse effect and climate change, have become worsened, an effective solution has still been an elusive goal of many people. In this essay, I would evaluate the reasons behind this problem before proposing some measures that can handle it effectively (tom tat).


## Body:
#### Viết về lý do: Là chưa có giải pháp


- There are some reasons that explain why modern societies have not found an effective solution against the worsening severity of envir challenges. 

- Many environmental issues are worsening over times as they are caused by the increasing demand for energy and consumption. For instance, climate change, a result of the release of greenhouse emissions, is irreversible and is increasingly worsened. As a result, an effective solution for environmental problems is elusive as it is a moving target rather than remains stable and predictable.


- As many environmental issues are caused by the increasing size of our population, which raises the demand for burning fossil fuels to provide energy, they are hard to control and only worsen over time. This is why it is very hard for our societies to figure out an effective solution as we are chasing towards a moving target.

- Brainstorm
	- Over-population
	- Chưa đủ kinh phí
	- Thiếu kiến thức
	- Ý thức
	- Tập trung quá mức vào phát triển kinh tế


- Environmental issues có 1 vấn đề gì đó, đặc tính gì đó, mà khiến cho rất khó tìm ra giải pháp hiệu quả và triệt để.
	- Mức độ
	- Tính chất
	- Có thay đổi theo thời gian không?


#### Viết về giải pháp
- Giáo dục
	- First and foremost, the goverment should invest more in education, which can help people acquire more knowledge that can eventually be used for create innovative solutions for environmental problems.
- Tài chính
	- Furthermore, invesment in educational science is important as it helps scientists acquire more resources to innovate and create solutions that can tackle pollution.
- Phát mình


## Conclusion:
- Tóm tắt lại nội dung
	- In conclusion, although there are significant challenges when it comes to finding an effective solution against environmental challenges, I believe that a combination of educational and financial approaches can be benifical. While education can improve our awareness in environmental science, more money can help scientists to develop new solutions in the future.
### Vocabulary-
- Many = a large number of
- Worsening = làm tệ đi
- Severity = seriousness